Improve the contributing guide (#65)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-angular: README.md

#### Packaging the component

> **Note** This step is optional in the release process (the script is executed anyway by the postversion hook) but it's required to test the package used as NPM dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** This step is optional in the release process (the script is executed anyway by the postversion hook) but it is required to test the package used as an NPM dependency.
```

#### Testing the package before releasing

> To test the `ckeditor5-angular` package, first bootstrap an empty angular package using [ng new] (https://angular.io/cli/new) and add the `<ckeditor>` component using the [guide](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/builds/guides/integration/frameworks/angular.html) or by cloning and installing the https://github.com/ma2ciek/ckeditor5-angular-test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the `ckeditor5-angular` package, first bootstrap an empty Angular package using [`ng new`] (https://angular.io/cli/new) and add the `<ckeditor>` component by following the [guide](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor5/latest/builds/guides/integration/frameworks/angular.html) or by cloning and installing the https://github.com/ma2ciek/ckeditor5-angular-test.
```

Reviewer: Also, we cannot link to external repositories (non–cksource/ or –ckeditor/) in the official documentation. If we mention that one (https://github.com/ma2ciek/ckeditor5-angular-test), we must fork/move it to the organization.
